0.  An artificial long word said to mean a lung disease caused by inhaling very fine ash and sand dust.
1.  Rusage returns resource usage measures for:
    a) the calling process and all its threads
    b) only children of calling process
    c) the calling thread
2.  16 variables
3.  There is no point in creation of a copy of a structure of 16 variables and
    not even using all of them. I believe it will make the process faster and
    uses less RAM.
4.  First in includes all the needed libraries (including such as sys/time and
    sys/resource). Then it includes "dictionary.h" library which I would need
    to fill with working functions. It undefines variables calculate and
    getrusage to make sure no values are stored in there. It defines global
    dictionary variable dictionary linking it to one of the dictionaries. It
    creates a prototype of calculate function which is following main function.
    Then main function starts. It first checks accuracy of function's usage.
    Declares structs and doubles for time calculations. Declares a dictionary
    if it has been passed. Running and calculating the time spent for function
    of dictionary's loading. Check if the function worked. Defines, opens and
    checks opening of a file with the text. Declares following variables for
    work with speller such as index of a word's characters, no. of misspellings
    and no. of words. Declares an array of chars limited to maximum length - 45
    plus 1 to fit '\0 char'. Runs through the text file till the end of the
    file. If character is alphabetical it takes a char and starts building a
    word. If word is bigger than max length it stops and limits it. If the loop
    faces digit within a word it reads the word till the end and refreshes the
    index value (=0). If it faces end of the word character '\' - it goes to
    another else if and finishes a word with '\0' char in the array. Increases
    words variable by 1 and checks spelling of the word (calculating also time
    spent for the checking) and increasing the misspelling variable by 1 if
    check returns false. After that index is zeroed for a new word. Then the
    program checks for and error in the text file (if so - closes it and
    returns a note). Then closes the file, determines dictionary's size and
    calculates time of this function. Unloads the dictionary (calculating time
    spent on it). If dictionary is not unloaded throws an error. Reports about
    words in dictionary, words in text and times spent for each of the
    functions and all together. Returns 0. Then there is a function which
    calculates the time.
5.  Because it's easier to go word by word and doing all manipulations with
    each of them rather that copying everything and then trying to break it
    into words. getc also allows to go char by char checking if there is no
    number within the word.
6.  Because these constants should not change!
7.  TODO
8.  TODO
9.  TODO
10. TODO
